docs: Add missing deprecation notice for legacyBehavior in Link component (#78405)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/05-api-reference/02-components/link.mdx

### `legacyBehavior`

> **Deprecated**: The `legacyBehavior` prop will be removed in Next.js v16. To adopt the new `<Link>` behavior, simply remove any `<a>` tags used as children of `<Link>`. A [codemod is available](/docs/app/guides/upgrading/codemods#new-link) to help you automatically upgrade your codebase.

> In the latest versions of Next.js, an `<a>` element is no longer required as a child of the `<Link>` component. If you still need the old behavior for compatibility reasons, you can add the `legacyBehavior` prop. However, it is strongly recommended to migrate to the modern approach for future compatibility.

Reviewer: Let's remove the last line since we already mention the migration and codemod above.

```suggestion
Since version 13, an `<a>` element is no longer required as a child of the `<Link>` component. If you still need the old behavior for compatibility reasons, you can add the `legacyBehavior` prop.
```
